README.md, before:

**Note:** because this is just a personal project, I can't guarantee that the theme will work on Windows or macOS. You are free to make a pull request for these Operating Systems, though.

# Idido

Idido is a theme for the Mailspring mail client, forked from the [Ido theme](https://github.com/edipox/n1-ido), which is in turn based on [Taiga](https://github.com/noahbuscher/N1-Taiga). *Ido* means *offspring* in Esperanto, so *Idido* is *Offspring of the offspring*!

# Theming
The sidebar color can be changed by updating the color value in [this file](https://github.com/NeoMahler/mailspring-idido/blob/master/styles/variables.less#L32). [Here is a video showing how to do that.](https://youtu.be/4L2v6tuAonE)

## Firebrick
It seems to be a really popular choice
![](./firebrick.png)

## Freedom
The default theme
![](./freedom.png)

## Skyfall
One of my fav :)
![](./skyfall.png)

## Inbox
Ee.. What?
![](./inbox.png)
But if you are looking for an Inbox inspired theme you should definitely try [agapanthus](https://github.com/taniadaniela/n1-agapanthus)

## Polymail
:flushed:
![](./polymail.png)


## Examples


![](./examples.png)

## Installing

1. [Download](https://getmailspring.com/) Mailspring - (desktop email client) if you have not yet.
2. [Just download the master branch](https://github.com/NeoMahler/mailspring-idido)
3. Open `Mailspring` -> `Install new theme...`

[You can buy me a coffee!](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/Ondo) :coffee:

## Differences between Ido and Idido
This is a list of the differences between both themes:

* Window controls have been replaced by traffic lights (inspired by macOS).
* Buttons don't have borders (as opposed to the circular borders of the original Ido theme).
* Circular hover effect on buttons.

This is a new fork, so there aren't any more changes. I'll update the list when I make further changes.

Commit message:

Initial Commit, Fixed Settings button

README.md, after:

**Note:** because this is just a personal project, I can't guarantee that the theme will work on Windows or macOS. You are free to make a pull request for these Operating Systems, though.

# Bushido

Bushido is a theme for the Mailspring mail client, forked from the [Ido theme](https://github.com/edipox/n1-ido), which is in turn based on [Taiga](https://github.com/noahbuscher/N1-Taiga). *Ido* means *offspring* in Esperanto, so *Idido* is *Offspring of the offspring*!

# Theming
The sidebar color can be changed by updating the color value in [this file](https://github.com/NeoMahler/mailspring-idido/blob/master/styles/variables.less#L32). [Here is a video showing how to do that.](https://youtu.be/4L2v6tuAonE)

## Firebrick
It seems to be a really popular choice
![](./firebrick.png)

## Freedom
The default theme
![](./freedom.png)

## Skyfall
One of my fav :)
![](./skyfall.png)

## Inbox
Ee.. What?
![](./inbox.png)
But if you are looking for an Inbox inspired theme you should definitely try [agapanthus](https://github.com/taniadaniela/n1-agapanthus)

## Polymail
:flushed:
![](./polymail.png)


## Examples


![](./examples.png)

## Installing

1. [Download](https://getmailspring.com/) Mailspring - (desktop email client) if you have not yet.
2. [Just download the master branch](https://github.com/NeoMahler/mailspring-idido)
3. Open `Mailspring` -> `Install new theme...`


## Differences between Ido and Idido
This is a list of the differences between both themes:

* Window controls have been replaced by traffic lights (inspired by macOS).
* Buttons don't have borders (as opposed to the circular borders of the original Ido theme).
* Circular hover effect on buttons.

## Differences between Idido and Bushido
This is a list of the differences between both themes:

* Centered the options button within the border in the top right
